=== Emirates NBD FAQ ===

Q: Choose from our range of accounts
A: We have a range of current and savings accounts you can choose from based on your needs and financial goals. It may make sense to open more than one account - a checking account and a savings account - so you have access to cash for your daily expenses and enjoy the best interest rates in the market too. If you have children under 18, it's a good idea to open accounts for minors.   

We'll help you open your account the same day if you make sure to provide all the documents required when submitting your application. 
Q: where ccan i check best interest rates?
A: You can browse through our range of savings accounts where you'll find more information on interest rates.
Q: when will i recceive my debit card and ccheque book?
A: If you’ve applied for a debit card and cheque book, you'll receive them within 3 to 5 working days of your account opening.  
Q: I could not open my first account online, what should i do?
A: You might have to submit additional details. You should receive a call from us to take your request forward. If you don’t, please call us on +971 600 54 0000.
Q: how soon caan i operate my first account?
A: If you’re a new customer, you can start operating your account as soon as you receive your debit card. Once you activate your card, you can use it for purchases and withdraw cash at ATMs, deposit cash directly to your account through our cash deposit machines, and register for Online Banking and Mobile Banking (ENBD X).
Q: whats is a credit card?
A: A credit card is a financial tool issued by banks that allows you to borrow money up to a predetermined limit to make purchases or withdraw cash. The borrowed amount must be repaid by the due date, either in full or through instalments, with interest applicable on outstanding balances. Credit cards also offer various benefits such as rewards, cashback, and travel perks.
Q: whats is a cashback credit card?
A: A cashback credit card rewards you with a percentage of your spending in the form of cash rebates. For example, if a card offers 5% cashback on groceries, you receive  5 back for every  100 spent. Cashback cards in the UAE often have specific categories like fuel, dining, or online shopping where higher cashback rates apply
Q: What is balance trasnfer in Credit card?
A: A balance transfer lets you move credit card debt to a lower-interest card for easier repayment. Click here for more information.
Q: How can I get a Credit card in UAE?
A: We have a range of Credit Cards with different rewards and benefits for you to choose from. All Emirates NBD Credit Cardholders can get up to five supplementary Credit Cards for dependents. 

To apply for a Credit Card, you must be at least 21 years of age and meet the minimum income requirement for the card.

If you're self-employed, you'll need to have an average bank balance of at least  50,000 over the last 3 months. In addition, you may need to open a Fixed Deposit with Emirates NBD which holds the minimum deposit amount required for the card you’re applying for. 
Q: how much can i borrow on personal loan?
A: Most banks will prescribe a limit on your personal loan based on your income and ability to repay. However, it’s always advisable to borrow an amount that you will be able to safely repay without getting into debt you can’t manage
Q:should i go for fater processing or lower interest rate?
A: A low EMI could actually lead to a longer payment period and could prove more expensive as you will pay more interest. Moreover, fast processing may force you to take a hasty decision without complete information, so be careful and ask all the questions you need to before you sign up.
Q: Waht is the tenure for ENBD personal loan?
A: The maximum tenure for an Emirates NBD personal loan is 48 months. UAE Nationals in the Ministry of Defense can extend their loan tenure up to 60 months.

=== FAB BANK FAQ ===

Q: What is the password to view my account e-statement attachment?
A: Your e-statement password is made up of the last four digits of your account number. 101XXXXX1234 followed by the day and month of your date of birth 01-02-1989 (DDMM). When you are prompted for password, the 8-digit password to be entered: 12340102.

Q: Who can open an account with FAB?
A:UAE Nationals and residents who meet the eligibility requirements (which vary with every account) may open an account with FAB. We offer several options for both salaried and non-salaried individuals.

Q: What are the requirements for opening an account with FAB?
A: You can open an account with FAB if you are a UAE National or UAE resident. The requirements vary with each account, please feel free to contact our customer care centre to find out more or take a look at our current accounts or savings accounts and select the account of your choice to read about eligibility and requirements.

Q: What are the types of FAB accounts?
A: Explore our various account options by browsing through our current accounts or savings accounts.

Q: Can I open an account through FAB Mobile even if I don’t have any FAB products?
A: Yes, all you need is your Emirates ID. Simply download the app, choose the account you want and sign up. You will need to verify your Emirates ID and go through the security verification. But you can open an account in minutes.

Q: What is the password to view my credit card e-statement attachment?
A:The password for your credit card e-statement is your year of birth - 1989 followed by the last four digits of your registered mobile number - 050-1234567 (DDMM). When you are prompted for password, the 8-digit password to be entered: 19894567.

Q: Does FAB offer flexible monthly repayment options for loans?
A: Yes, FAB offers a range of flexible repayment options as well as up to five months for personal loans and up to three months for car loans before your first installment.

Q: What are the requirements for a personal loan?
A: FAB offers personal loans for UAE nationals and personal loans for expats. The requirements for a personal loan are:

Employed with a governmental, semi-governmental or legitimate private organisation
Applicants must be 21+ years old
A minimum monthly salary of  7,000
Copy of a valid passport/resident visa/Emirates ID (Originals must also be presented)
Bank statements for the last three months showing salary credits (if salary is not credited to a FAB account)
Salary transfer letter/salary certificate addressed to FAB
Liability letter or a clearance letter (in case of buyout loans)
Signed and completed application

Q: Will I get flexible interest rates with FAB loans?
A: Yes, FAB offers flexible and competitive interest rates starting as low as 3.99% per year.

Q: What is the maximum loan amount that a customer can borrow?
A: This amount varies depending on the loan. UAE nationals can receive loans of up to  5 million and expats can receive loans for up to  2 million.

=== Emirates NBD FAQ ===
Q: how to open a bank account?
A:Opening a UAE bank account in the UAE is straightforward with Emirates NBD. You just need a few documents to open your account online:

For UAE Residents:
Emirates ID
Valid passport
Proof of address (e.g., utility bill or tenancy contract)
Salary transfer letter or recent payslips (for salary accounts)
For Non-Residents:
Valid passport with visa page
Proof of address
Reference letter from your home country's bank
Recent bank statements

Q: differencce between a current and savings account?
A: Current and savings accounts serve different financial purposes:

Current Accounts are ideal for your day-to-day banking transactions, such as local and international money transfers, bill payments, including facilities like cheque books and overdrafts.
Savings Accounts are designed for saving money over time and usually offer interest on deposits. They may have lower minimum balance requirements and encourage regular savings habits.
Q: what is the minimum balance requirement?
A: Minimum balance requirements at Emirates NBD vary depending on the account type and banking relationship. Maintaining the minimum balance is required to avoid monthly fees and potential service disruptions. Please refer to our Key Facts Statements or Schedule of Charges for more information
